497K
1
tsly-497k_022824.htm
SUMMARY PROSPECTUS

 

 

 | | 
 | 
YieldMax™ TSLA Option Income Strategy ETF 

Trading Symbol: TSLY

Listed on NYSE Arca, Inc.

Summary Prospectus 

February
28, 2024

www.yieldmaxetfs.com

 | 

 

Before you invest, you may
want to review the YieldMax™ TSLA Option Income Strategy ETF (the “Fund”) statutory prospectus and statement
of additional information, which contain more information about the Fund and its risks. The current statutory prospectus and
statement of additional information dated February 28, 2024 are incorporated by reference into this Summary Prospectus. You can find
the Fund’s statutory prospectus, statement of additional information, reports to shareholders, and other information about the
Fund online at www.yieldmaxetfs.com. You can also get this information at no cost by calling at (866) 864-3968 or by sending an
e-mail request to info@yieldmaxetfs.com. 

SUMMARY
INFORMATION

 

Investment
Objective

 

The
Fund’s primary investment objective is to seek current income. The Fund’s secondary investment objective is to seek
exposure to the share price of the common stock of Tesla, Inc. (“TSLA”), subject to a limit on potential investment
gains.

 

Fees
and Expenses of the Fund 

 

This
table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy, hold, and sell shares of the Fund (“Shares”). You
may pay other fees, such as brokerage commissions and other fees to financial intermediaries, which are not reflected in the table
and Example below. 

 

 | Annual
 Fund Operating Expenses(1) (expenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment) | 
 | | 

 | Management
 Fee | 
 | 0.99% | 

 | Distribution
 and Service (12b-1) Fees | 
 | None | 

 | Other
 Expenses | 
 | 0.02% | 

 | Total
 Annual Fund Operating Expenses | 
 | 1.01% | 

 

 | (1) | 
 | | 
 | The
 Fund’s investment adviser, Tidal Investments LLC (the “Adviser”), a Tidal Financial Group company, will
 pay, or require a sub-adviser to pay, all expenses incurred by the Fund (except for advisory fees and sub-advisory fees, as
 the case may be) excluding interest charges on any borrowings made for investment purposes, dividends and other expenses on securities sold short, taxes,
 brokerage commissions and other expenses incurred in placing orders for the purchase and sale of securities and other investment
 instruments, acquired fund fees and expenses, accrued deferred tax liability, distribution fees and expenses paid by the Fund
 under any distribution plan adopted pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940
 Act”), and litigation expenses and other non-routine or extraordinary expenses. | 

 

Expense
Example

 

This
Example is intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Fund with the cost of investing in other funds. The Example assumes
that you invest $10,000 in the Fund for the time periods indicated and then redeem or hold all of your Shares at the end of those periods.
The Example also assumes that your investment has a 5% return each year and that the Fund’s operating expenses remain the same.
The Example does not take into account brokerage commissions that you may pay on your purchases and sales of Shares. Although your actual
costs may be higher or lower, based on these assumptions your costs would be:

 

 | 1
 Year | 
 | | 
 | 3
 Years | 
 | | 
 | 5 Years | 
 | | 
 | 10 Years | 

 | $103 | 
 | | 
 | $322 | 
 | | 
 | $558 | 
 | | 
 | $1,236 | 

 

Portfolio
Turnover

 

The
Fund pays transaction costs, such as commissions, when it buys and sells securities (or “turns over” its portfolio).
A higher portfolio turnover rate may indicate higher transaction costs and may result in higher taxes when Shares are held in
a taxable account. These costs, which are not reflected in total annual fund operating expenses or in the expense example above,
affect the Fund’s performance. For the fiscal period November 22, 2022 (commencement of operations) to October 31, 2023,
the Fund’s portfolio turnover rate was 168% of the average value of its portfolio.

 

Principal
Investment Strategies

 

The
Fund is an actively managed exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) that seeks current income while providing indirect exposure
to the share price (i.e., the price returns) of the common stock of Tesla, Inc. (“TSLA”), subject to a limit
on potential investment gains. The Fund will employ its investment strategy as it relates to TSLA regardless of whether there
are periods of adverse market, economic, or other conditions and will not take temporary defensive positions during such periods.
As further described below, the Fund uses a synthetic covered call strategy to provide income and indirect exposure to the share
price returns of TSLA, subject to a limit on potential investment gains as a result of the nature of the options strategy it employs.
That is, the Fund not only seeks to generate income from its options investments but also aims to derive gains when the value
of TSLA increases. The Fund’s options contracts provide:

 

 | | | ● | | indirect
 exposure to the share price returns of TSLA, | 

 | | | ● | | current
 income from the option premiums, and | 

 | | | ● | | a
 limit on the Fund’s participation in gains, if any, of the share price returns
 of TSLA. | 

 

For
more information, see sections “The Fund’s Use of TSLA Option Contracts” and “Synthetic Covered Call Strategy”
below.

 

 

 

 

 

 

The
Fund’s investment adviser is Tidal Investments LLC (the “Adviser”) and the investment sub-adviser is ZEGA Financial,
LLC (“ZEGA” or the “Sub-Adviser”).

 

Why
invest in the Fund?

 

 | | | ● | | The
 Fund seeks to participate in a portion of the gains experienced by TSLA. | 

 | | | ● | | The
 Fund seeks to generate monthly income, which is not dependent on the price appreciation
 of TSLA. | 

 

That
is, although the Fund may not fully participate in gains in TSLA’s stock price, the Fund’s portfolio is designed to
generate income.

 

An
Investment in the Fund is not an investment in TSLA

 

 | | | ● | | The
 Fund’s strategy will cap its potential gains if TSLA shares increase in value. | 

 | | | ● | | The
 Fund’s strategy is subject to all potential losses if TSLA shares decrease in value,
 which may not be offset by income received by the Fund. | 

 | | | ● | | The
 Fund does not invest directly in TSLA. | 

 | | | ● | | Fund
 shareholders are not entitled to any TSLA dividends. | 

 

Additional
information regarding TSLA is also set forth below.

 

The
Fund’s Use of TSLA Option Contracts

 

As
part of the Fund’s synthetic covered call strategy, the Fund will purchase and sell a combination of standardized exchange-traded
and FLexible EXchange® (“FLEX”) call and put option contracts that are based on the value of the price returns
of TSLA.

 

 | | | ● | | In
 general, an option contract gives the purchaser of the option contract the right to purchase
 (for a call option) or sell (for a put option) the underlying asset (like shares of TSLA)
 at a specified price (the “strike price”). | 

 | | | ● | | If
 exercised, an option contract obligates the seller to deliver shares (for a sold or “short”
 call) or buy shares (for a sold or “short” put) of the underlying asset at
 a specified price (the “strike price”). | 

 | | | ● | | Options
 contracts must be exercised or traded to close within a specified time frame, or they
 expire. See the chart in section “Fund Portfolio” below for a description
 of the option contracts utilized by the Fund. | 

 

Standardized
exchange-traded options include standardized terms. FLEX options are also exchange-traded, but they allow for customizable terms
(e.g., the strike price can be negotiated). For more information on FLEX options, see “Additional Information about the
Funds – Exchange Traded Options Portfolio.”

 

The
Fund’s options contracts are based on the value of TSLA, which gives the Fund the right or obligation to receive or deliver
shares of TSLA on the expiration date of the applicable option contract in exchange for the stated strike price, depending on
whether the option contract is a call option or a put option, and whether the Fund purchases or sells the option contract.

 

Synthetic
Covered Call Strategy

 

In
seeking to achieve its investment objective, the Fund will implement a “synthetic covered call” strategy using
the standardized exchange-traded and FLEX options described above.

 

 | | | ● | | A
 traditional covered call strategy is an investment strategy where an investor
 (the Fund) sells a call option on an underlying security it owns. | 

 | | | ● | | A
 synthetic covered call strategy is similar to a traditional covered call strategy
 in that the investor sells a call option that is based on the value of the underlying
 security. However, in a synthetic covered call strategy, the investor (the Fund) does
 not own the underlying security, but rather seeks to synthetically replicate
 100% of the price movements of the underlying security through the use of various investment
 instruments. | 

 

The
Fund’s synthetic covered call strategy consists of the following three elements, each of which is described in greater detail
farther below:

 

 | | | ● | | Synthetic
 long exposure to TSLA, which allows the Fund to seek to participate in the changes, up
 or down, in the price of TSLA’s stock. | 

 | | | ● | | Covered
 call writing (where TSLA call options are sold against the synthetic long portion of
 the strategy), which allows the Fund to generate income. | 

 | | | ● | | U.S.
 Treasuries, which are used for collateral for the options, and which also generate income. | 

 

 | | | 1. | | Synthetic
 Long Exposure | 

 

To
achieve a synthetic long exposure to TSLA, the Fund will buy TSLA call options and, simultaneously, sell TSLA put options to try
to replicate the price movements of TSLA. The call options purchased by the Fund and the put options sold by the Fund will generally
have one-month to six-month terms and strike prices that are approximately equal to the then-current share price of TSLA at the
time the contracts are purchased and sold, respectively. The combination of the long call options and sold put options provides
the Fund with indirect investment exposure equal to approximately 100% of TSLA for the duration of the applicable options exposure.

 

 

2

 

 

 

 

 | | | 2. | | Covered
 Call Writing | 

 

As
part of its strategy, the Fund will write (sell) call option contracts on TSLA to generate income. Since the Fund does not directly
own TSLA, these written call options will be sold short (i.e., selling a position it does not currently own). The Fund will seek
to participate in the share price appreciation of TSLA, if any. However, due to the nature of covered call strategies, the Fund’s
participation may be subject to a cap (as described below). In this strategy, the call options written (sold) by the Fund will
generally have an expiration of one month or less (the “Call Period”) and generally have a strike price that is approximately
0%-15% above the then-current TSLA share price. 

 

It
is important to note that the sale of the TSLA call option contracts will limit the Fund’s participation in the appreciation
in TSLA’s stock price. If the stock price of TSLA increases, the above-referenced synthetic long exposure alone would allow
the Fund to experience similar percentage gains. However, if TSLA’s stock price appreciates beyond the strike price of one
or more of the sold (short) call option contracts, the Fund will lose money on those short call positions, and the losses will,
in turn, limit the upside return of the Fund’s synthetic long exposure. As a result, the Fund’s overall strategy (i.e.,
the combination of the synthetic long exposure to TSLA and the sold (short) TSLA call positions) will limit the Fund’s participation
in gains in the TSLA stock price beyond a certain point.

 

 | | | 3. | | U.S.
 Treasuries | 

 

The
Fund will hold short-term U.S. Treasury securities as collateral in connection with the Fund’s synthetic covered call strategy.

 

The
Fund intends to continuously maintain indirect exposure to TSLA through the use of options contracts. As the options contracts
it holds are exercised or expire it may enter into new options contracts, a practice referred to as “rolling.” The
Fund’s practice of rolling options may result in high portfolio turnover.

 

Fund’s
Monthly Distributions 

 

The
Fund will seek to provide monthly income in the form of cash distributions. The Fund will seek to generate such income in the
following ways:

 

 | | | ● | | Writing
 (selling) call option contracts on TSLA as described above. The income comes mainly from
 the option premiums received from these option sales. A premium, in this context, refers
 to the price the option buyer pays to the option seller (the Fund) for the rights granted
 by the option. The amount of these premiums is largely affected by the fluctuations in
 TSLA stock prices. However, other elements like interest rates can also influence the
 income level. | 

 | | | ● | | Investing
 in short-term U.S. Treasury securities. The income generated by these securities will
 be influenced by interest rates at the time of investment. | 

 

Fund’s
Return Profile vs TSLA

 

For
the reasons stated above, the Fund’s performance will differ from that of TSLA’s stock price. The performance differences
will depend on, among other things, the price of TSLA, changes in the value of the TSLA options contracts the Fund holds, and
changes in the value of the U.S. Treasuries.

 

 

3

 

 

 

 

Fund
Portfolio

 

The
Fund’s principal holdings are described below:

 

 | YieldMax™
 TSLA Option Income Strategy ETF – Principal Holdings | 

 | 
Portfolio
 Holdings 

 
(All
 options are based on the

 
value
 of TSLA) 
 | 
 | Investment
 Terms | 
 | Expected
 Target Maturity | 

 | 
Purchased
 call option contracts

 

 | 
 | 
“at-the-money”
 (i.e., the strike price is equal to the then-current share price of TSLA at the
 time of purchase) to provide indirect exposure to positive price returns of TSLA.

 

 
If
 the TSLA share price increases, these options will generate corresponding increases to the Fund. 
 | 
 | 1-month
 to 6-month expiration dates | 

 | 
Sold
 put option contracts

 

 | 
 | 
“at-the-money”
 (i.e., the strike price is equal to the then-current share price of TSLA at the
 time of sale).

 

 
They
 are sold to help pay for the purchased call options described above.

 

 
However,
 the sold put option contracts provide exposure to the full extent of any share price losses experienced by TSLA. 
 | 
 | 1-month
 to 6-month expiration dates | 

 | 
Sold
 (short) call option contracts

 

 | 
 | 
The
 strike price is approximately 0%-15% more than the then-current share price of TSLA at
 the time of sale.

 

 
They
 generate current income. However, they also limit some potential positive returns that the Fund may have otherwise experienced
 from gains in the TSLA share price. 
 | 
 | 1-month
 or less expiration dates | 

 | U.S
 Treasury Securities and Cash | 
 | 
Multiple
 series of U.S. Treasury Bills supported by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government.

 

 
These
 instruments are used as collateral for the Fund’s derivative investments.

 

 
They
 will also generate income. 
 | 
 | 6-month
 to 2-year maturities | 

 

The
market value of the cash and treasuries held by the Fund is expected to be between 50% and 100% of the Fund’s net assets
and the market value of the options package is expected to be between 0% and 50% of the Fund’s net assets. In terms of notional
value, the combination of these investment instruments provides investment exposure to TSLA equal to at least 100% of the Fund’s
total assets.

 

The
Fund is classified as “non-diversified” under the 1940 Act.

 

There
is no guarantee that the Fund’s investment strategy will be properly implemented, and an investor may lose some or all of
its investment. 

 

Tesla,
Inc.

 

Tesla,
Inc. is an operating company that designs develops, manufactures, leases and sells high performance fully electric vehicles, solar
energy generation systems and energy storage products. Tesla, Inc. operates two segments: (i) automotive and (ii) energy generation
and storage. The automotive segment includes the design, development, manufacturing, sales and leasing of electric vehicles as
well as sales of automotive regulatory credits. The energy generation and storage segment includes the design, manufacture, installation,
sales and leasing of solar energy generation and energy storage products and related services and sales of solar energy systems
incentives. Tesla, Inc. is listed on Nasdaq. The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of Tesla, Inc.,
as of June 30, 2023, was approximately $722.5 billion (based on the closing price for shares of Tesla, Inc.’s common stock
as reported by Nasdaq on June 30, 2023).

 

Tesla,
Inc. is registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Information provided
to or filed with the SEC by Tesla, Inc. pursuant to the Exchange Act can be located by reference to the SEC file number 001-34756
through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, information regarding Tesla, Inc. may be obtained from other sources
including, but not limited to, press releases, newspaper articles and other publicly disseminated documents.

 

This
document relates only to the securities offered hereby and does not relate to TSLA or other securities of Tesla, Inc. The Fund
has derived all disclosures contained in this document regarding Tesla, Inc. from the publicly available documents. None of the
Fund, the Trust, the Adviser, the Sub-Adviser, or their respective affiliates has participated in the preparation of such publicly
available offering documents or made any due diligence inquiry regarding such documents with respect to Tesla, Inc. None of the
Fund, the Trust, the Adviser, the Sub-Adviser, or their respective affiliates makes any representation that such publicly available
documents or any other publicly available information regarding Tesla, Inc. is accurate or complete. Furthermore, the Fund cannot
give any assurance that all events occurring prior to the date hereof (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness
of the publicly available documents described above) that would affect the trading price of Tesla, Inc. (and therefore the price
of Tesla, Inc. at the time we price the securities) have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or
the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning Tesla, Inc. could affect the value received with respect
to the securities and therefore the value of the securities.

 

 

4

 

 

 

 

None
of the Fund, the Trust, the Adviser, the Sub-Adviser, or their respective affiliates makes any representation to you as to the
performance of TSLA.

 

THE
FUND, TRUST, ADVISER, AND SUB-ADVISER ARE NOT AFFILIATED WITH TESLA, INC.

 

Due
to the Fund’s investment strategy, the Fund’s investment exposure is concentrated in (or substantially exposed to)
the same industry as that assigned to TSLA. As of the date of the Prospectus, TSLA is assigned to the auto manufacturing industry.

 

Principal
Investment Risks

 

The
principal risks of investing in the Fund are summarized below. As with any investment, there is a risk that you could lose all or a portion
of your investment in the Fund. Some or all of these risks may adversely affect the Fund’s net asset value (“NAV”)
per share, trading price, yield, total return, and/or ability to meet its objective.

 

An
investment in the Fund entails risk. The Fund may not achieve its investment objective and there is a risk that you could lose
all of your money invested in the Fund. The Fund is not a complete investment program. It is important that investors closely
review all of the risks listed below and understand them before making an investment in the Fund.

 

Each
risk summarized below is considered a “principal risk” of investing in the Fund, regardless of the order in which
they appear.

 

TSLA
Risk. The Fund invests in options contracts that are based on the value of TSLA. This subjects the Fund to certain of the
same risks as if it owned shares of TSLA, even though it does not. By virtue of the Fund’s investments in options contracts
that are based on the value of TSLA, the Fund may also be subject to the following risks:

 

Indirect
Investment in TSLA Risk. Tesla, Inc. is not affiliated with the Trust, the Fund, the Adviser, the Sub-Adviser, or their respective
affiliates and is not involved with this offering in any way and has no obligation to consider your Shares in taking any corporate
actions that might affect the value of Shares. Investors in the Fund will not have voting rights and will not be able to influence
management of Tesla, Inc. but will be exposed to the performance of TSLA (the underlying stock). Investors in the Fund will not
have rights to receive dividends or other distributions or any other rights with respect to the underlying stock but will be subject
to declines in the performance of the underlying stock.

 

TSLA
Trading Risk. The trading price of TSLA may be highly volatile and could continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response
to various factors. The stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, has experienced extreme
price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies.
In particular, a large proportion of TSLA may be traded by short sellers which may put pressure on the supply and demand for the
common stock of Tesla, Inc., further influencing volatility in its market price. Public perception and other factors outside of
the control of Tesla, Inc. may additionally impact TSLA’s stock price due to Tesla, Inc. garnering a disproportionate degree
of public attention, regardless of actual operating performance. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in
the overall market and the market price of a particular company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often
been instituted against companies such as these. Moreover, stockholder litigation like this has been filed against Tesla, Inc.
in the past. While Tesla, Inc. continues to defend such actions, any judgment against Tesla, Inc., or any future stockholder litigation
could result in substantial costs and a diversion of the management of Tesla, Inc.’s attention and resources. If TSLA trading
is halted, trading in Shares of the TSLA Fund may be impacted, either temporarily or indefinitely.

 

Tesla,
Inc. Performance Risk. Tesla, Inc. may fail to meet its publicly announced guidelines or other expectations about its business,
which could cause the price of TSLA to decline. Tesla, Inc. provides guidance regarding its expected financial and business performance,
such as projections regarding sales and production, as well as anticipated future revenues, gross margins, profitability and cash
flows. Correctly identifying key factors affecting business conditions and predicting future events is inherently an uncertain
process, and the guidance Tesla, Inc. provides may not ultimately be accurate and has in the past been inaccurate in certain respects,
such as the timing of new product manufacturing ramps. The guidance is based on certain assumptions such as those relating to
global and local economic conditions, anticipated production and sales volumes (which generally are not linear throughout a given
period), average sales prices, supplier and commodity costs, and planned cost reductions. If Tesla, Inc.’s guidance is not
accurate or varies from actual results due to its inability to meet the assumptions or the impact on its financial performance
that could occur as a result of various risks and uncertainties, the market value of common stock issued by Tesla, Inc. could
decline significantly.

 

Electric
Vehicles Risk. The future growth and success of Tesla, Inc. are dependent upon consumers’ demand for electric vehicles,
and specifically, its vehicles in an automotive industry that is generally competitive, cyclical and volatile. If the market for
electric vehicles in general and Tesla, Inc. vehicles in particular does not develop as Tesla, Inc. expects, develops more slowly
than it expects, or if demand for its vehicles decreases in its markets or its vehicles compete with each other, the business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results of Tesla, Inc. may be harmed. Tesla, Inc. is still at an earlier stage of
development and have limited resources and production relative to established competitors that offer internal combustion engine
vehicles. In addition, electric vehicles still comprise a small percentage of overall vehicle sales. As a result, the market for
Tesla, Inc. vehicles could be negatively affected by numerous factors, such as: (i) perceptions about electric vehicle features,
quality, safety, performance and cost; (ii) perceptions about the limited range over which electric vehicles may be driven on
a single battery charge, and access to charging facilities; (iii) competition, including from other types of alternative fuel
vehicles, plug-in hybrid electric vehicles and high fuel-economy internal combustion engine vehicles; (iv) volatility in the cost
of oil and gasoline, such as wide fluctuations in crude oil prices; (v) government regulations and economic incentives; and (vi)
concerns about the future viability of Tesla, Inc. Finally, the target demographics for Tesla, Inc. vehicles are highly competitive.
Sales of vehicles in the automotive industry tend to be cyclical in many markets, which may expose Tesla, Inc. to further volatility.

 

 

5

 

 

 

 

Automotive
Companies Risk. The automotive industry can be highly cyclical, and companies in the industry may suffer periodic operating
losses. Automotive companies can be significantly affected by labor relations, fluctuating component prices and supplier disruptions.
Developments in automotive technologies (e.g., autonomous vehicle technologies) may require significant capital expenditures that
may not generate profits for several years, if ever. Automotive companies may be significantly subject to government policies
and regulations regarding imports and exports of automotive products. Governmental policies affecting the automotive industry,
such as taxes, tariffs, duties, subsidies, and import and export restrictions on automotive products can influence industry profitability.
In addition, such companies must comply with environmental laws and regulations, for which there may be severe consequences for
non-compliance. While most of the major automotive manufacturers are large companies, certain others may be non-diversified in
both product line and customer base and may be more vulnerable to certain events that may negatively impact the automotive industry.

 

Derivatives
Risk. Derivatives are financial instruments that derive value from the underlying reference asset or assets, such as stocks,
bonds, or funds (including ETFs), interest rates or indexes. The Fund’s investments in derivatives may pose risks in addition
to, and greater than, those associated with directly investing in securities or other ordinary investments, including risk related
to the market, imperfect correlation with underlying investments or the Fund’s other portfolio holdings, higher price volatility,
lack of availability, counterparty risk, liquidity, valuation and legal restrictions. The use of derivatives is a highly specialized
activity that involves investment techniques and risks different from those associated with ordinary portfolio securities transactions.
The use of derivatives may result in larger losses or smaller gains than directly investing in securities. When the Fund uses
derivatives, there may be an imperfect correlation between the value of TSLA and the derivative, which may prevent the Fund from
achieving its investment objective. Because derivatives often require only a limited initial investment, the use of derivatives
may expose the Fund to losses in excess of those amounts initially invested. In addition, the Fund’s investments in derivatives
are subject to the following risks:

 

Options
Contracts. The use of options contracts involves investment strategies and risks different from those associated with ordinary
portfolio securities transactions. The prices of options are volatile and are influenced by, among other things, actual and anticipated
changes in the value of the underlying instrument, including the anticipated volatility, which are affected by fiscal and monetary
policies and by national and international political, changes in the actual or implied volatility or the reference asset, the
time remaining until the expiration of the option contract and economic events. For the Fund in particular, the value of the options
contracts in which it invests are substantially influenced by the value of TSLA. The Fund may experience substantial downside
from specific option positions and certain option positions held by the Fund may expire worthless. The options held by the Fund
are exercisable at the strike price on their expiration date. As an option approaches its expiration date, its value typically
increasingly moves with the value of the underlying instrument. However, prior to such date, the value of an option generally
does not increase or decrease at the same rate at the underlying instrument. There may at times be an imperfect correlation between
the movement in the values of options contracts and the underlying instrument, and there may at times not be a liquid secondary
market for certain options contracts. The value of the options held by the Fund will be determined based on market quotations
or other recognized pricing methods. Additionally, as the Fund intends to continuously maintain indirect exposure to TSLA through
the use of options contracts, as the options contracts it holds are exercised or expire it will enter into new options contracts,
a practice referred to as “rolling.” If the expiring options contracts do not generate proceeds enough to cover the
cost of entering into new options contracts, the Fund may experience losses.

 

Counterparty
Risk. The Fund is subject to counterparty risk by virtue of its investments in options contracts. Transactions in some types
of derivatives, including options, are required to be centrally cleared (“cleared derivatives”). In a transaction
involving cleared derivatives, the Fund’s counterparty is a clearing house rather than a bank or broker. Since the Fund
is not a member of clearing houses and only members of a clearing house (“clearing members”) can participate directly
in the clearing house, the Fund will hold cleared derivatives through accounts at clearing members. In cleared derivatives positions,
the Fund will make payments (including margin payments) to and receive payments from a clearing house through their accounts at
clearing members. Customer funds held at a clearing organization in connection with any options contracts are held in a commingled
omnibus account and are not identified to the name of the clearing member’s individual customers. As a result, assets deposited
by the Fund with any clearing member as margin for options may, in certain circumstances, be used to satisfy losses of other clients
of the Fund’s clearing member. In addition, although clearing members guarantee performance of their clients’ obligations
to the clearing house, there is a risk that the assets of the Fund might not be fully protected in the event of the clearing member’s
bankruptcy, as the Fund would be limited to recovering only a pro rata share of all available funds segregated on behalf of the
clearing member’s customers for the relevant account class. The Fund is also subject to the risk that a limited number of
clearing members are willing to transact on the Fund’s behalf, which heightens the risks associated with a clearing member’s
default. This risk is greater for the Fund as it seeks to hold options contracts on a single security, and not a broader range
of options contracts, which may limit the number of clearing members that are willing to transact on the Fund’s behalf.
If a clearing member defaults the Fund could lose some or all of the benefits of a transaction entered into by the Fund with the
clearing member. If the Fund cannot find a clearing member to transact with on the Fund’s behalf, the Fund may be unable
to effectively implement its investment strategy.

 

 

6

 

 

 

 

Price
Participation Risk. The Fund employs an investment strategy that includes the sale of call option contracts, which limits
the degree to which the Fund will participate in increases in value experienced by TSLA over the Call Period. This means that
if TSLA experiences an increase in value above the strike price of the sold call options during a Call Period, the Fund will likely
not experience that increase to the same extent and may significantly underperform TSLA over the Call Period. Additionally, because
the Fund is limited in the degree to which it will participate in increases in value experienced by TSLA over each Call Period,
but has full exposure to any decreases in value experienced by TSLA over the Call Period, the NAV of the Fund may decrease over
any given time period. The Fund’s NAV is dependent on the value of each options portfolio, which is based principally upon
the performance of TSLA. The degree of participation in TSLA gains the Fund will experience will depend on prevailing market conditions,
especially market volatility, at the time the Fund enters into the sold call option contracts and will vary from Call Period to
Call Period. The value of the options contracts is affected by changes in the value and dividend rates of TSLA, changes in interest
rates, changes in the actual or perceived volatility of TSLA and the remaining time to the options’ expiration, as well
as trading conditions in the options market. As the price of TSLA changes and time moves towards the expiration of each Call Period,
the value of the options contracts, and therefore the Fund’s NAV, will change. However, it is not expected for the Fund’s
NAV to directly correlate on a day-to-day basis with the returns of TSLA. The amount of time remaining until the options contract’s
expiration date affects the impact of the potential options contract income on the Fund’s NAV, which may not be in full
effect until the expiration date of the Fund’s options contracts. Therefore, while changes in the price of the TSLA will
result in changes to the Fund’s NAV, the Fund generally anticipates that the rate of change in the Fund’s NAV will
be different than that experienced by TSLA.

 

Distribution
Risk. As part of the Fund’s investment objective, the Fund seeks to provide current monthly income. There is no assurance
that the Fund will make a distribution in any given month. If the Fund does make distributions, the amounts of such distributions
will likely vary greatly from one distribution to the next. Additionally, the monthly distributions, if any, may consist of returns
of capital, which would decrease the Fund’s NAV and trading price over time. As a result, an investor may suffer significant
losses to their investment. In addition, the underlying stock may pay dividends, the Fund’s returns will not include any
dividends paid by the underlying stock, and any income generated by the Fund may be less than the income generated by a direct
investment in the underlying stock.

 

NAV
Erosion Risk Due to Distributions. When the Fund makes a distribution, the Fund’s NAV will typically drop by the amount
of the distribution on the related ex-dividend date. The repeated payment of distributions by the Fund, if any, may significantly
erode the Fund’s NAV and trading price over time. As a result, an investor may suffer significant losses to their investment.

 

Call
Writing Strategy Risk. The path dependency (i.e., the continued use) of the Fund’s call writing strategy will impact
the extent that the Fund participates in the positive price returns of TSLA and, in turn, the Fund’s returns, both during
the term of the sold call options and over longer time periods. If, for example, each month the Fund were to sell 7% out-of-the-money
call options having a one-month term, the Fund’s participation in the positive price returns of TSLA will be capped at 7%
in any given month. However, over a longer period (e.g., 5 months), the Fund should not be expected to participate fully in the
first 35% (i.e., 5 months x 7%) of the positive price returns of TSLA, or the Fund may even lose money, even if the TSLA share
price has appreciated by at least that much over such period, if during any month over that period TSLA had a return less than
7%. This example illustrates that both the Fund’s participation in the positive price returns of TSLA and its returns will
depend not only on the price of TSLA but also on the path that TSLA takes over time.

 

ETF
Risks.

 

Authorized
Participants, Market Makers, and Liquidity Providers Concentration Risk. The Fund has a limited number of financial institutions
that are authorized to purchase and redeem Shares directly from the Fund (known as “Authorized Participants” or “APs”).
In addition, there may be a limited number of market makers and/or liquidity providers in the marketplace. To the extent either
of the following events occur, Shares may trade at a material discount to NAV and possibly face delisting: (i) APs exit the business
or otherwise become unable to process creation and/or redemption orders and no other APs step forward to perform these services;
or (ii) market makers and/or liquidity providers exit the business or significantly reduce their business activities and no other
entities step forward to perform their functions.

 

Cash
Redemption Risk. The Fund’s investment strategy may require it to redeem Shares for cash or to otherwise include cash
as part of its redemption proceeds. For example, the Fund may not be able to redeem in-kind certain securities held by the Fund
(e.g., derivative instruments). In such a case, the Fund may be required to sell or unwind portfolio investments to obtain the
cash needed to distribute redemption proceeds. This may cause the Fund to recognize a capital gain that it might not have recognized
if it had made a redemption in-kind. As a result, the Fund may pay out higher annual capital gain distributions than if the in-kind
redemption process was used. By paying out higher annual capital gain distributions, investors may be subjected to increased capital
gains taxes. Additionally, there may be brokerage costs or taxable gains or losses that may be imposed on the Fund in connection
with a cash redemption that may not have occurred if the Fund had made a redemption in-kind. These costs could decrease the value
of the Fund to the extent they are not offset by a transaction fee payable by an AP.

 

 

7

 

 

 

 

Costs
of Buying or Selling Shares. Due to the costs of buying or selling Shares, including brokerage commissions imposed by brokers
and bid-ask spreads, frequent trading of Shares may significantly reduce investment results and an investment in Shares may not
be advisable for investors who anticipate regularly making small investments.

 

Management
Risk. The Fund is subject to management risk because it is an actively managed portfolio. In managing the Fund’s investment
portfolio, the portfolio managers will apply investment techniques and risk analyses that may not produce the desired result.
There can be no guarantee that the Fund will meet its investment objective.

 

Shares
May Trade at Prices Other Than NAV. As with all ETFs, Shares may be bought and sold in the secondary market at market prices.
Although it is expected that the market price of Shares will approximate the Fund’s NAV, there may be times when the market
price of Shares is more than the NAV intra-day (premium) or less than the NAV intra-day (discount) due to supply and demand of
Shares or during periods of market volatility. This risk is heightened in times of market volatility, periods of steep market
declines, and periods when there is limited trading activity for Shares in the secondary market, in which case such premiums or
discounts may be significant.

 

Trading.
Although Shares are listed on a national securities exchange, such as NYSE Arca, Inc. (the “Exchange”), and may
be traded on U.S. exchanges other than the Exchange, there can be no assurance that an active trading market for the Shares will
develop or be maintained or that the Shares will trade with any volume, or at all, on any stock exchange. This risk may be greater
for the Fund as it seeks to have exposure to a single underlying stock as opposed to a more diverse portfolio like a traditional
pooled investment. In stressed market conditions, the liquidity of Shares may begin to mirror the liquidity of the Fund’s
underlying portfolio holdings, which can be significantly less liquid than Shares. Shares trade on the Exchange at market price
that may be below, at or above the Fund’s NAV. Trading in Shares on the Exchange may be halted due to market conditions
or for reasons that, in the view of the Exchange, make trading in Shares inadvisable. In addition, trading in Shares on the Exchange
is subject to trading halts caused by extraordinary market volatility pursuant to the Exchange “circuit breaker” rules.
There can be no assurance that the requirements of the Exchange necessary to maintain the listing of the Fund will continue to
be met or will remain unchanged. In the event of an unscheduled market close for options contracts that reference a single stock,
such as TSLA’s securities being halted or a market wide closure, settlement prices will be determined by the procedures
of the listing exchange of the options contracts. As a result, the Fund could be adversely affected and be unable to implement
its investment strategies in the event of an unscheduled closing.

 

High
Portfolio Turnover Risk. The Fund may actively and frequently trade all or a significant portion of the Fund’s holdings.
A high portfolio turnover rate increases transaction costs, which may increase the Fund’s expenses. Frequent trading may
also cause adverse tax consequences for investors in the Fund due to an increase in short-term capital gains.

 

Inflation
Risk. Inflation risk is the risk that the value of assets or income from investments will be less in the future as inflation
decreases the value of money. As inflation increases, the present value of the Fund’s assets and distributions, if any,
may decline.

 

Liquidity
Risk. Some securities held by the Fund, including options contracts, may be difficult to sell or be illiquid, particularly
during times of market turmoil. This risk is greater for the Fund as it will hold options contracts on a single security, and
not a broader range of options contracts. Markets for securities or financial instruments could be disrupted by a number of events,
including, but not limited to, an economic crisis, natural disasters, epidemics/pandemics, new legislation or regulatory changes
inside or outside the United States. Illiquid securities may be difficult to value, especially in changing or volatile markets.
If the Fund is forced to sell an illiquid security at an unfavorable time or price, the Fund may be adversely impacted. Certain
market conditions or restrictions, such as market rules related to short sales, may prevent the Fund from limiting losses, realizing
gains or achieving a high correlation with TSLA. There is no assurance that a security that is deemed liquid when purchased will
continue to be liquid. Market illiquidity may cause losses for the Fund.

 

Money
Market Instrument Risk. The Fund may use a variety of money market instruments for cash management purposes, including money
market funds, depositary accounts and repurchase agreements. Repurchase agreements are contracts in which a seller of securities
agrees to buy the securities back at a specified time and price. Repurchase agreements may be subject to market and credit risk
related to the collateral securing the repurchase agreement. Money market instruments, including money market funds, may lose
money through fees or other means.

 

Newer
Fund Risk. The Fund is a recently organized management investment company with limited operating history. As a result, prospective
investors have a limited track record or history on which to base their investment decisions. There can be no assurance that the
Fund will maintain an economically viable size.

 

Non-Diversification
Risk. Because the Fund is “non-diversified,” it may invest a greater percentage of its assets in the securities
of a single issuer or a smaller number of issuers than if it was a diversified fund. As a result, a decline in the value of an
investment in a single issuer or a smaller number of issuers could cause the Fund’s overall value to decline to a greater
degree than if the Fund held a more diversified portfolio.

 

Operational
Risk. The Fund is subject to risks arising from various operational factors, including, but not limited to, human error, processing
and communication errors, errors of the Fund’s service providers, counterparties or other third-parties, failed or inadequate
processes and technology or systems failures. The Fund relies on third-parties for a range of services, including custody. Any
delay or failure relating to engaging or maintaining such service providers may affect the Fund’s ability to meet its investment
objective. Although the Fund, Adviser, and Sub-Adviser seek to reduce these operational risks through controls and procedures,
there is no way to completely protect against such risks.

 

 

8

 

 

 

 

Recent
Market Events Risk. U.S. and international markets have experienced significant periods of volatility in recent years and
months due to a number of economic, political and global macro factors including the impact of COVID-19 as a global pandemic,
which has resulted in a public health crisis, disruptions to business operations and supply chains, stress on the global healthcare
system, growth concerns in the U.S. and overseas, staffing shortages and the inability to meet consumer demand, and widespread
concern and uncertainty. The global recovery from COVID-19 is proceeding at slower than expected rates due to the emergence of
variant strains and may last for an extended period of time. Continuing uncertainties regarding interest rates, rising inflation,
political events, rising government debt in the U.S. and trade tensions also contribute to market volatility. Conflict, loss of
life and disaster connected to ongoing armed conflict between Ukraine and Russia in Europe and between Israel and Hamas in the
Middle East could have severe adverse effects on the related region, including significant adverse effects on the regional or
global economies and the markets for certain securities. The U.S. and the European Union have imposed sanctions on certain Russian
individuals and companies, including certain financial institutions, and have limited certain exports and imports to and from
Russia. These conflicts have contributed to recent market volatility and may continue to do so.

 

Single
Issuer Risk. Issuer-specific attributes may cause an investment in the Fund to be more volatile than a traditional pooled
investment which diversifies risk or the market generally. The value of the Fund, which focuses on an individual security (TSLA),
may be more volatile than a traditional pooled investment or the market as a whole and may perform differently from the value
of a traditional pooled investment or the market as a whole.

 

Tax
Risk. The Fund intends to elect and to qualify each year to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a
RIC, the Fund will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of its net investment income and net capital gain
that it distributes to Shareholders, provided that it satisfies certain requirements of the Code. If the Fund does not qualify
as a RIC for any taxable year and certain relief provisions are not available, the Fund’s taxable income will be subject
to tax at the Fund level and to a further tax at the shareholder level when such income is distributed. To comply with the asset
diversification test applicable to a RIC, the Fund will attempt to ensure that the value of options it holds is never 25% of the
total value of Fund assets at the close of any quarter. If the Fund’s investments in options were to exceed 25% of the Fund’s
total assets at the end of a tax quarter, the Fund, generally, has a grace period to cure such lack of compliance. If the Fund
fails to timely cure, it may no longer be eligible to be treated as a RIC.

 

U.S.
Government and U.S. Agency Obligations Risk. The Fund may invest in securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies
or instrumentalities. U.S. Government obligations include securities issued or guaranteed as to principal and interest by the
U.S. Government, its agencies or instrumentalities, such as the U.S. Treasury. Payment of principal and interest on U.S. Government
obligations may be backed by the full faith and credit of the United States or may be backed solely by the issuing or guaranteeing
agency or instrumentality itself. In the latter case, the investor must look principally to the agency or instrumentality issuing
or guaranteeing the obligation for ultimate repayment, which agency or instrumentality may be privately owned. There can be no
assurance that the U.S. Government would provide financial support to its agencies or instrumentalities (including government-sponsored
enterprises) where it is not obligated to do so.

 

Performance 

 

The
following performance information provides some indication of the risks of investing in the Fund by showing changes in the Fund’s
performance over time. The bar chart shows the annual returns for the Fund year over year. The table illustrates how the
Fund’s average annual returns for the 1-year and since inception periods compare with those of a broad measure of market
performance. The Fund’s past performance, before and after taxes, does not necessarily indicate how it will perform
in the future. Updated performance information is available on the Fund’s website at www.yieldmaxetfs.com.

 

Calendar
Year Ended December 31,

 

 

 | | 
 | | 

 

 | 2023 | 
 | 50.24% | 

 

 

During
the period of time shown in the bar chart, the Fund’s highest quarterly return was 40.68% for the quarter
ended March 31, 2023 and the lowest quarterly return was -6.31% for the quarter ended September
30, 2023.

 

Average
Annual Total Returns 

 

For
the Periods Ended December 31, 2023

 

 | | 
 | 1
 Year | 
 | Since
 Inception

 November 22, 2022 | 

 | Return
 Before Taxes | 
 | 50.24% | 
 | 9.03% | 

 | Return
 After Taxes on Distributions | 
 | 41.79% | 
 | 3.47% | 

 | Return
 After Taxes on Distributions and Sale of Fund Shares | 
 | 29.41% | 
 | 4.50% | 

 | S&P
 500® Total Return Index (reflects no deduction for fees, expenses, or taxes)(1) | 
 | 26.29% | 
 | 19.10% | 

 

 | | 
 | (1) | 
 | The
 S&P 500® Total Return Index is a free-float market capitalization-weighted index of 500 of the largest
 U.S. companies. The index is calculated on a total return basis with dividends reinvested. | 

 

 

9

 

 

 

 

After-tax
returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates during the period covered by
the table above and do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor’s
tax situation and may differ from those shown. After-tax returns shown are not relevant to investors who hold their Shares
through tax-deferred or other tax-advantaged arrangements such as an individual retirement account (“IRA”).

 

Management

 

Investment
Adviser: Tidal Investments LLC (the “Adviser”) serves as investment adviser
to the Fund. 

 

Investment
Sub-Adviser. ZEGA Financial, LLC serves as the investment sub-adviser to the Fund. 

 

Portfolio
Managers:

 

The
following individuals are jointly and primarily responsible for the day-to-day management of the Fund.

 

Mick
Brokaw, Portfolio Manager for the Sub-Adviser, has been a portfolio manager of the Fund since its inception in 2022. 

 

Jay
Pestrichelli, Portfolio Manager for the Sub-Adviser, has been a portfolio manager of the Fund since its inception in 2022.

 

Qiao
Duan, CFA, Portfolio Manager for the Adviser, has been a portfolio manager of the Fund since its inception in 2022. 

 

Charles
A. Ragauss, CFA, Portfolio Manager for the Adviser, has been a portfolio manager of the Fund since its inception in 2022. 

 

CFA®
is a registered trademark owned by the CFA Institute.

 

Purchase
and Sale of Shares

 

The
Fund issues and redeems Shares at NAV only in large blocks known as “Creation Units,” which only Authorized Participants
(APs) (typically, broker-dealers) may purchase or redeem. The Fund generally issues and redeems Creation Units in exchange for
a portfolio of securities (the “Deposit Securities”) and/or a designated amount of U.S. cash.

 

Shares
are listed on a national securities exchange, such as the Exchange, and individual Shares may only be bought and sold in the secondary
market through brokers at market prices, rather than NAV. Because Shares trade at market prices rather than NAV, Shares may trade
at a price greater than NAV (premium) or less than NAV (discount).

 

An
investor may incur costs attributable to the difference between the highest price a buyer is willing to pay to purchase Shares
(the “bid” price) and the lowest price a seller is willing to accept for Shares (the “ask” price) when
buying or selling Shares in the secondary market. This difference in bid and ask prices is often referred to as the “bid-ask
spread.”

 

When
available, information regarding the Fund’s NAV, market price, how often Shares traded on the Exchange at a premium or discount,
and bid-ask spreads can be found on the Fund’s website at www.yieldmaxetfs.com.

 

Tax
Information

 

Fund
distributions are generally taxable as ordinary income, qualified dividend income, or capital gains (or a combination), unless
an investment is in an individual retirement account (“IRA”) or other tax-advantaged account. Distributions on investments
made through tax-deferred arrangements may be taxed later upon withdrawal of assets from those accounts.

 

Financial
Intermediary Compensation

 

If
you purchase Shares through a broker-dealer or other financial intermediary (such as a bank) (an “Intermediary”),
the Adviser or its affiliates may pay Intermediaries for certain activities related to the Fund, including participation in activities
that are designed to make Intermediaries more knowledgeable about exchange-traded products, including the Fund, or for other activities,
such as marketing, educational training, or other initiatives related to the sale or promotion of Shares. These payments may create
a conflict of interest by influencing the Intermediary and your salesperson to recommend the Fund over another investment. Any
such arrangements do not result in increased Fund expenses. Ask your salesperson or visit the Intermediary’s website for
more information.

 

 

10
